Adding docs for migrating from SDKv2 to the Framework (#461)
hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework: website/docs/plugin/framework/migrating/schema/index.mdx

---
page_title: 'Schema: Migrating from SDKv2 to the Framework'
description: >-
   Migrate a schema from SDKv2 to the plugin Framework.
---

# Schema

Providers, resources, and data sources all use schema to define their attributes and behavior. Schemas specify the
constraints of Terraform configuration blocks and how the provider, resource, or data source behaves. Refer to
[Schemas](/plugin/framework/schemas) in the Framework documentation for details.

> This page explains the differences between the schema used by SDKv2 and the Framework. For further schema-specific documentation, refer to the other migration guides in this section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains the differences between the schema used by SDKv2 and the Framework. We also recommend reviewing these additional schema guides throughout the migration:
```
